README.md, before:

# EZPlan

## Team Members
### Vedant Vachharajani, Computer Science MS 
Luddy School of Informatics, Computing & Engineering, 2022  <br/>
Indiana University-Bloomington <br/>
Bloomington, IN, USA
<br/><br/>

### Camisa Vines, Computer Science BS
Luddy School of Informatics, Computing & Engineering, 2022 <br/>
Indiana University-Bloomington <br/>
Bloomington, IN, USA
<br/><br/>


### Austin Parks, Computer Science BS 
Luddy School of Informatics, Computing & Engineering, 2023 <br/>
Indiana Univserity-Bloomington <br/>
Bloomington, IN, USA
<br/><br/>

### Christian Elliot, Computer Science BS
Luddy School of Informatics, Computing & Engineering, 2021 <br/>
Indiana University-Bloomington <br/>
Bloomington, IN, USA
<br/><br/>



## Project Description: Tour Management System
Planning a tour can get cumbersome if you have to visit different applications for different purposes like finalizing the places to visit, searching accommodation, identifying travel routes, getting those tickets, fixing a schedule, and locking on to that itinerary after several rounds of changes. The Tour Management System tries to solve these problems. The website will let users search for places, routes, and allow accommodations and travel bookings. A plan will be shared amongst all the travelers in the group so that everyone can see and make comments. The application will generate an itinerary based on what places the user has selected and what bookings are done. Users may enter their availability and the application can fix a common time. Allow the user to visualize their route with maps and distances to come up with an optimized plan. The website can make suggestions based on previous ratings. The scope can be narrowed down by targeting specific audiences/tours like a Bike Tour/Business Tour etc

<br/><br/><br/>

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.


### Deployment

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment)

### `npm build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify)

Commit message:

adding in totaling for hotels

README.md, after:

# EZPlan

## Team Members
### Vedant Vachharajani, Computer Science MS 
Luddy School of Informatics, Computing & Engineering, 2022  <br/>
Indiana University-Bloomington <br/>
Bloomington, IN, USA
<br/><br/>

### Camisa Vines, Computer Science BS
Luddy School of Informatics, Computing & Engineering, 2022 <br/>
Indiana University-Bloomington <br/>
Bloomington, IN, USA
<br/><br/>


### Austin Parks, Computer Science BS 
Luddy School of Informatics, Computing & Engineering, 2023 <br/>
Indiana Univserity-Bloomington <br/>
Bloomington, IN, USA
<br/><br/>

### Christian Elliot, Computer Science BS
Luddy School of Informatics, Computing & Engineering, 2021 <br/>
Indiana University-Bloomington <br/>
Bloomington, IN, USA
<br/><br/>



## Project Description: Tour Management System
Planning a tour can get cumbersome if you have to visit different applications for different purposes like finalizing the places to visit, searching accommodation, identifying travel routes, getting those tickets, fixing a schedule, and locking on to that itinerary after several rounds of changes. The Tour Management System tries to solve these problems. The website will let users search for places, routes, and allow accommodations and travel bookings. A plan will be shared amongst all the travelers in the group so that everyone can see and make comments. The application will generate an itinerary based on what places the user has selected and what bookings are done. Users may enter their availability and the application can fix a common time. Allow the user to visualize their route with maps and distances to come up with an optimized plan. The website can make suggestions based on previous ratings. The scope can be narrowed down by targeting specific audiences/tours like a Bike Tour/Business Tour etc

<br/><br/><br/>

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm start-api`

Runs the flask app and proxy to [http://localhost:5000](http://localhost:5000).\
This will be used to query the searches for hotels and events.
